{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red24\green55\blue106;\red0\green0\blue0;\red71\green71\blue71;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84706;\cssrgb\c12157\c28627\c49020;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c34902\c34902\c34902;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14600\viewh16080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl504\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CPMC Shuttle Route Adjustments
\f1\b0\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 Our new routes went into effect on Monday, March 4, 2019.\'a0 After just a couple of days of running the routes, we have received a lot of feedback from our riders and we have received some excellent suggestions for improvements.\'a0See attached shuttle line update attached.\
\
Based on the feedback that we have received, we understand that some immediate changes need to occur.\'a0 We have made some updates to our J-Line, P-Line, and E-Line that will better address the needs of our riders.\'a0\'a0
\f0\b \cf4 \strokec4 These changes will go into effect beginning on Thursday, March 7, 2019.
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
The J-Line will now connect between Japan Center, Van Ness, and Pacific campus with stops at Japan Center between every stop at Van Ness and Pacific.\'a0 For people that park at Japan Center going to Pacific, they will board the shuttle on Geary Blvd.\'a0 For people that park at Japan Center going to Van Ness, they will board the shuttle on Post St.\'a0 Signage will be posted at the shuttle stop location indicating the pickup location for each destination.\
\
The P-Line will now connect between the Civic Center BART and the Pacific campus.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 \
It will no longer connect between Van Ness and Pacific
\f1\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 .\'a0 This shuttle will operate from 5:15 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. in the morning and from 2:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. in the evening.\
\
The E-Line morning departure time will be changed from 6:25 a.m. to 6:35 a.m.\'a0 This will allow for us to better accommodate our riders that use the Alameda and Vallejo ferry lines.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 CPMC is committed to continuous evaluation of our shuttle routes and services.\'a0 We appreciate all of the feedback we received and apologize to our riders that experienced issues with our services over the first days of operation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Questions? Please contact Drew Richardson at:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:richad@sutterhealth.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 richad@sutterhealth.org}}.\

\fs20 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf6 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 J-Line: PAC to Japantown to VNC to Japantown\'a0 -\'a0 4:55am\'961:30am Every 20minutes\cf0 \
\cf6 Webster St \'96 Post St \'96 Post St \'96 Geary\cf0 \
\cf6 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf6 P-Line: Bart to PAC \'96 5:15am to 9:30 & 2:30p\'967:30p\'a0 Every 30 minutes\cf0 \
\cf6 Larkin\'a0\'a0\'a0 /\'a0 Webster\cf0 \
\cf6 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf6 B-Line: Bart Civic Center to VNC \'96 5:10am to 8:45pm every 10min\cf0 \
\cf6 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf6 D-Line: Davies to VNC \'966:30a\'966:15a\'a0 Every 30 minutes\cf0 \
\cf6 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf6 M-Line: Mission Bernal to VNC \'96 6:30a\'966:30p Every hour\cf0 \
\cf6 S-Line: 24
\fs24\fsmilli12222 \super th
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \nosupersub  Bart to Mission Bernal \'96 6am\'968am and 3pm\'965pm \'96 Every 10 minutes\cf0 \
\cf6 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf6 E-Line: Ferry Building to VNC \'96 6:35am\'969:00am and 4pm\'968pm \'96 Every Hour\cf0 \
\cf6 T-Line: Cal Train to VNC \'96 6:55am\'968:55am and 3:40pm\'965:40pm - Hourly\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \'a0}